<p>This Trading system is restricted to authorized users only. Any actual or attempted unauthorized access 

to this Trading system is subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. All activity is logged and monitored. 

Use of this system constitutes consent to security testing and monitoring. If you are not an authorized 

user of this system or do not consent to monitoring, please exit the system at this time.

<p>This online trading service on the website Mobile (services) is launched and established by Motilal Oswal 

Securities Limited (MOFSL). MOFSL reserves the right to decide the criteria based on which customers 

would be allowed to avail of these services provided through this website.

You agree and understand that your access and use of this website application implies and constitutes 

your voluntary acceptance of the rights and obligations, that would, there after exist between MOFSL and 

you and consent to the terms and conditions mentioned below in totality and without any modification 

thereto.

<p>User Name

<p>You agree not to provide or make known your User Name, Password or e-mail address to any other 

person for the purpose of facilitating such person's access and unauthorized use of this website.

<p>You shall be the only authorized user of this website through your User Name and Password. You also 

agree that you shall be solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur within this website through 

the use of your User Name and Password. You shall bear all responsibility of keeping the password 

secure. MOFSL is not responsible for the loss or misuse of the password. If you allow third parties to 

access this website application through your User Name and Password, you will defend and indemnify 

MOFSL, its Promoter/Directors/Affiliates and any independent contractor engaged by us to assist in 

monitoring our website application, against any liability, costs or damages arising out of claims or 

suits by such third parties based upon or relating to such access and use. If you believe someone has 

used your Password without your authorization, or has, in your judgment, violated these Terms and 

Conditions, you should notify MOFSL immediately.

<p>MOFSL and its promoters/directors/affiliates are not liable for damages caused by any performance, 

failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in transmission or 

operations, computer virus, communications line failure, and unauthorized access to the personal 

accounts. MOFSL is not responsible for any technical failure or malfunctioning of the software or delays 

of any kind.

<p>MOFSL makes no warranty that the contents of the website are free from infection by viruses or anything 

else which has contaminating or destructive properties and shall have no liability in respect thereof. 

MOFSL cannot and does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to this website 

application or any linked websites. You understand that the website application may be unavailable for 

such period of time as decided by MOFSL including during market hours for maintenance activity or any 

other reason as deemed fit by MOFSL and you shall not hold MOFSL or its Affiliates liable in any manner 

whatsoever for such interruption/unavailability of the website application/service.

<p>This Service is provided on an "As Is" basis. MOFSL and its Affiliates/Directors/Promoters disclaim 

any warranty of any kind, imputed by the laws of any jurisdiction, whether express or implied, as to 

any matter whatsoever relating to the Service, including without limitation the implied warranties 

of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non infringement. MOFSL is not responsible 

for the content of any of the linked sites. By providing access to other web-sites, MOFSL is neither 

recommending nor endorsing the content available in the linked websites.

<p>MOFSL shall not be liable if the Customer downloads any information or software from this Website 

application. Further, MOFSL or its Directors/Promoters/Affiliates shall not be liable if the Customer 

makes a copy, modifies, uploads, downloads, transmits, (re) publishes it or removes or obscures any 

intellectual property, including trademarks, copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such 

information or otherwise distributes any service or content from this Website application. MOFSL shall 

not bear the responsibility if the Customer modifies or uses the content or services he/she gets from this 

Website application for any purpose other than those permitted, and in doing so violates the intellectual 

property including trademarks, copyright and other proprietary rights of MOFSL.

<p>This website application is for the exclusive purpose of transactions to be carried out within the 

territorial jurisdiction of India and all such transactions shall be governed by the laws in India. Non 

Resident Indians (NRI's) and Foreign Nationals accessing this web site and using the services shall do so 

after due verification at their end of their eligibility to do so. MOFSL undertakes no responsibility for such 

pre-eligibility of qualification on part of Non-Resident Indians (NRI's) or Foreign Nationals to transact 

on this website. The use of this website application/service in jurisdictions other than India may be 

restricted by law and the persons who access this website application/use this service should inform 

themselves about and observe any such restrictions. By accessing and surfing this website application/

using this service you agree to be bound by any such limitations. Residents of countries other than India 

shall use the website application only to the extent the domestic laws of such countries permits them to 

use the website application. These Users agree that they will solely be liable for any liability incurred by 

them in this regard and will indemnify MOFSL for any liability it may incur in any foreign jurisdiction as a 

consequence of citizens/residents of countries other than India using the web site.

<p>This Service on the Website application does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to any person 

in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. This Service is not intended 

to be any form of an investment advertisement, investment advice or investment information and has 

not been registered under any securities law of any foreign jurisdiction and is only for the information of 

any person in any jurisdiction where it may be lawful to provide such information, otherwise the same 

shall not be considered an information.

<p>Transactions on this website application shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 

of India, without regard to the laws regarding conflicts of law. Any litigation regarding this Service or 

any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this shall be filed only in the Competent Courts 

of Mumbai alone and you hereby agree, consent and submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for the 

purpose of litigating any such action.

<p>The content of the website application cannot be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, 

posted, transmitted or distributed for any non-personal use without obtaining prior permission from 

MOFSL. MOFSL reserves the right to terminate the accounts of subscribers/customers, who violate the 

proprietary rights, in addition to necessary legal action.

<p>The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited & National Stock Exchange of India Limited is not in any manner 

answerable, responsible or liable to any person or persons for any acts of omission or commission, 

errors, mistakes and/or violation, actual or perceived, by us or our partners, agents, associates etc., 

of any of the Rules, Regulations, Bye-Laws of The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, National Stock 

Exchange of India Limited, SEBI Act or any other laws in force from time to time. The Bombay Stock 

Exchange Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Limited is not answerable, responsible or liable for 

any information on this website or for any services rendered by us, our Employees and our servants.

SEBI REGISTRATION NUMBER: NSE (Cash) : INB231041238 ; NSE (F&O) : INF231041238 ; NSE 

(CD) INE231041238 , BSE (Cash) : INB011041257 ; BSE(F&O) : INF011041257 ; MCX-SX (Cash) 

INB261041231;MCX-SX (F&O) INF261041231; MCX-SX (CD) INE261041231 ;CDSL : IN-DP-CDSL-09-99 ;

NSDL : IN-DP-NSDL-152-2000 

<p>As a prudent Risk Containment Measure, only First two months FNO contracts are made available for 

Trading. MOFSL may also apply scrip-wise limit for illiquid scrip and may stop, reduce Quantity Limit as 

per its discretion in Cash as well as in FNO Market. 

<p>Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd.